The reason why i think cell level help is better than the more general column level help, is that each trabsaction is different and the calculation may be slightly different. Pay attention to things that have an impact on the calculation like mark-up, credit notes, returned items, dicounts given, dishonoured cheques(R/D), tansactions with summed up calues such as Cash cheque 127 for the following: Wages, R1500 To increase the cash float from R800 to R1 000 in cpj activity 8, totals for debits against bank account, goods purchased at price less discount %, Renumbered invoices from a specified number.
 .For CRJ look at cells in the following columns: sales, cos,  debtors control, discount allowed and totals. For DJ its cells in sales, cos and totals. For DAJ, cells in the following column, debtors allowance and cos. For CPJ cells in Bank (total from debits on bank account-interest/bank charges), cells in creditors control, debtors control, discount received. For CJ cells in creditors control, trading stock and maybe stationery. For CAJ cells in creditors control, Trading Stock, Stationery. 

 The following are explanations that i think  are need by users, but i dont know where you should put them: Please explain why a transaction like Buy the following on credit from Sam Distributers and receive their invoice: Three filing cabinets, at R2 000 each. R300 files at R2 each, is recorded in the trading stock and stationery but has details as equipment (in activity 9), what is stationery, what is trading stock, are they all equipment?. For activity 8, please explain why 'Pay SA Loans R22 000 with cheque 134 for the last instalment of the loan. Included in the amount is 10% interest for the past year.' has Bank of 22 000 but Sundry amount of 20 000 in CPJ. Also in activity 8 explain why 'Receive the bank statement from Perm Bank. The following were debited against our bank account: Interest, R280 Bank charges, R320.' is recorded in 2 seperate rows in the sundry column but the total for the day is 600 recorded as Bank in the interest on overdraft row only. In the same vain please explain why in activity 5 crj, the following transaction is in seperate rows of the crj: '15 The fixed deposit by Perm Bank matured today. Receive a cheque for R32 500. Included in the amount is interest of R2 500 for the past 6 month’s interest.' is in 2 seperate rows. I think the credit/debit rows of the general journal need explanation. 

